Fix: AWS event GetMacieSession results in AccessDenied error (#5779) (#5889)
DataBiosphere/azul: UPGRADING.rst

have too many entries in this file.

#5779 AWS event GetMacieSession results in AccessDenied error
=============================================================

Operator
~~~~~~~~

Manually deploy the ``shared`` component of any main deployment just before

> pushing the PR branch to the GitLab instance in that deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pushing the merge commit to the GitLab instance in that deployment.
```

would have been better.
